Add Nemo - Nemo is your digital place for focus. (#5)
deta/awesome-deta: README.md

- [Jimbru](https://github.com/athul/jimbru) - micro analytics server.
- [Lupin](https://github.com/pomdtr/Lupin) - a Telegram bot for Logseq.
- [Mira](https://github.com/abdelhai/mira) - a personal CRM.

> - [Nemo](https://github.com/harshitsinghai77/nemo-backend) - Nemo is your little helper and companion no matter if you need to focus, tune out other noises or if you want to have a moment of calm and relaxation. [https://nemo-landing-page.netlify.app/](https://nemo-landing-page.netlify.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nemo](https://github.com/harshitsinghai77/nemo-backend) - a web app to help you relax by playing nature sounds.
```
